README.md, before:

# Nimbus

[![MELPA](https://melpa.org/packages/nimbus-theme-badge.svg)](https://melpa.org/#/nimbus-theme)

The best dark theme for Emacs.

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Installing

Make sure you have set up [MELPA](http://melpa.milkbox.net/#/getting-started) and run:

```
M-x package-install RET nimbus-theme RET
```

Use `M-x customize-themes` to activate it, or put the following in your Emacs configuration file:

```elisp
(load-theme 'nimbus t)
```

Or, if you have [use-package](https://github.com/jwiegley/use-package):

```elisp
(use-package nimbus-theme)
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues with Nimbus (such as text faces being hard to read or not appearing as expected), please try the following:

1. Restart Emacs and make sure Nimbus is the first theme you enable. Switching custom themes midway through an Emacs session may cause artifacts from the previous theme to remain.
1. Leave a bug report for the repository on GitHub (https://github.com/m-cat/nimbus-theme/issues).

## Contributing

All contributions are welcome. I want to support as many third-party Emacs packages as possible. Please write issues and raise pull requests!

Commit message:

add Contributors section to README

README.md, after:

# Nimbus

[![MELPA](https://melpa.org/packages/nimbus-theme-badge.svg)](https://melpa.org/#/nimbus-theme)

The best dark theme for Emacs.

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)

## About

Nimbus is a dark theme that I developed for my personal use. Because it is the only theme I ever use, it is continuously being worked on. I regularly add and modify faces and am always looking to support more third-party packages.

Nimbus was originally a fork of [Ample](https://github.com/jordonbiondo/ample-theme).

## Installing

Make sure you have set up [MELPA](http://melpa.milkbox.net/#/getting-started) and run:

```
M-x package-install RET nimbus-theme RET
```

Use `M-x customize-themes` to activate it, or put the following in your Emacs configuration file:

```elisp
(load-theme 'nimbus t)
```

Or, if you have [use-package](https://github.com/jwiegley/use-package):

```elisp
(use-package nimbus-theme)
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues with Nimbus (such as text faces being hard to read or not appearing as expected), please try the following:

1. Restart Emacs and make sure Nimbus is the first theme you enable. Switching custom themes midway through an Emacs session may cause artifacts from the previous theme to remain.
1. Leave a bug report on [GitHub](https://github.com/m-cat/nimbus-theme/issues).

## Contributors

- Marcin Swieczkowski [[Github](https://github.com/m-cat)] -- The head honcho
- Jordon Biondo [[Github](https://github.com/jordonbiondo)] -- Creator of [Ample Theme](https://github.com/jordonbiondo/ample-theme)
- Davor Rotim [[Github](https://github.com/drot)]
- Pierre Le Gall [[Github](https://github.com/lepieru)]
- Bruno [[Github](https://github.com/arzoriac)]

## Contributing

All contributions are welcome. I want to support as many third-party Emacs packages as possible. Please write issues and raise pull requests!
